c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.exe
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.deps.json
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.dll
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.pdb
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.dll
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\bestsellers.dll
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.pdb
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\bestsellers.dll
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\selenium-manager\linux\selenium-manager
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\selenium-manager\macos\selenium-manager
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\selenium-manager\windows\selenium-manager.exe
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\bin\Debug\net6.0\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsellers.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\markt\OneDrive\Рабочий стол\vk_profile_task\bestsellers\obj\Debug\net6.0\bestsell.1905F5D3.Up2Date
